+++
title = "An Advantage of Angles"
date = 2011-02-13T22:20:00Z
updated = 2013-05-24T01:33:26Z
tags = ["Sessions"]
blogimport = true
[author]
	name = "Joshua Wood"
	uri = "https://plus.google.com/106633459976108137947"
+++

<i>Kansas City/Paros. November 2005.</i><br /><br />Not every night is different<br />most begin with much the same choreography<br />a geometry of sky folding closed and Sound<br />thrown out of a day’s dance with the wind<br />when Silence cuts in.<br /><br />Stars pick out jasmine’s shadow negative against<br />their black matting, their paper backing, where<br /><!--more-->tonight it seems Orion aims his dart on a course<br />straight through the red heart of Mars and into<br />the moon’s sickly face for a trick shot.<br /><br />As that pierced moon you have moved through<br />vast darkrooms bigger than this ocean-mirror sky<br />carrying photographs to be finished<br />on the process you invented in the bath one night<br />that the Kodak folks finally shook you down for. Tonight’s<br />moon would not brighten these gaping vault closets with<br />futile red lights and no poster on the bulwark walls<br />of this shadowbox could reduce the dimensions.<br /><br />Rooms too big and black for living or falling asleep in,<br />walls too high for leaping, but you have a chance<br />to throw your hat over and you see that<br />the guests walk with the stiff steps of the uninvited<br />before you realize you arrived right on time<br />fit the dress code on the placard to a tee<br />but when trying to leave looked for nickels or dimes lost<br />in the funnel to the sewer line beneath the carpet<br />laid by man for dogs and nuns treading separately<br />past the case that locks the dirty negatives and<br />the chemicals. (You should not breathe these.)<br /><br />You thought your lab partner stood near the other end’s exit<br />to pull on the string with the clothespins and things<br />that aren’t pictures yet hanging. “Why won’t you pull<br />the line away from me? I can’t push it.<br />Are you reeling now?<br />Can you hear me? Is it so dark that you’re deaf?<br />If so you won’t have noticed the noise that hides you.<br />Or are you raiding some other pantry?” (that will be<br />such broad blackness just like this one<br />with all the same mundane dunking, dousing,<br />pressing, printing, hanging, cutting machines.)<br /><br />The door you must find by feeling and no<br />lightswitch sits near the jamb it’s in<br />But finally you get out as you got in, but thinking<br />as you push your head through the exit that<br />These marbles are plaster made forgetful<br />massaged with chisels until depicting<br />just the one thing but with the advantage of angles<br />in the light tonight’s moon shines they define subtlety.<br /><br />
